Welcome to Lesson Three,
Data Warehouse on Amazon Web Services.
In this lesson, our objective is to be able to implement
a data warehouse on AWS and that includes the storage,
the ETL, the design of the tables and the query optimization.
The prerequisites for this lesson is
a basic knowledge of relational database design and SQL,
a bit of programming in Python, Lesson One,
which was actually dimensional modeling and creating OLAP cubes.
Basic ETL in Python like moving data from a table to another table and changing
the the modeling and also basic knowledge of Amazon Web Services,
the IAM service, the VPC,
the virtual private cloud, S3 and EC2.
Okay, so this is our agenda for this course.
Basically we need to understand what would be
the motivation of moving a data warehouse to the cloud
and the product of Amazon which is known as Redshift,
what's the architecture of that product,
which is going to be a central piece of our architecture.
Then we will go through basic general ETL concepts.
Then we will focus on ETL in the concept of Redshift and then we'll
have two demos where we build a Redshift cluster in two different ways.
Then finally we go in little bit more into
an advanced part where we review the design of the tables.